hey whats up guys Leo here with a new
video + 3 unboxing and first look at the
iWatch Z or i watch this I don't how to
pronounce it it's actually a wristband a
little adapting where your ipod nanos
are watch as you can find at the local
apple store I picked this up for 2495
and because this was a black remodel it
comes in several colors and I'm going to
store Emily saw black ones I'm not sure
they carry all the colors in the store
so go ahead and open it up guys and see
what's what's inside just cool tab right
here I'm not doing so hot right now can
there we go just pulls up like that and
inside all you get is pretty much the
watch strap nothing else come little
bundle in here and it shows you how to
open the clip slide and click so let's
go ahead and see all the collections at
i watch calm let's go ahead and take
this out now this wristband is made out
of silicone and it definitely feels nice
doesn't feel does it feel cheap at all
and this little cutout just come
off and give our ipod nano here now
let's see it says to slide on mmm I'll
figure it out your music guys okay guys
figure it out so pretty much we're going
to do is you're gonna go buttons facing
out which kind of makes sense you're
gonna pretty much open the clip and just
slide the Nano inside and it should fit
in just like that and you're gonna slide
it right in and then it should click
into place right there and as you can
see it's a pretty good fit the back
definitely not push it off is definitely
gonna be in there and it gives you
access to your 30 pin connector in your
headphone jack of course which is useful
the volume button and the sleep/wake
button now if you have your ipod on to
wake up with clock literally it's a cool
cool watch to have
so quick look guys at the iWatch you can
get this at the apple store and online
retails for 2499 guys it is a cool
little cheap solution to make your nano
into a watch as always please stay tuned
to my videos please like this video and
subscribe and I'll see you guys next
time